backend/README.md, before:

# Antique Feed Backend

This is the Python backend for the Antique Feed application.

## Setup

1.  Navigate to the `backend` directory:
    ```bash
    cd backend
    ```
2.  Install the dependencies using `pipenv`:
    ```bash
    pipenv install
    ```

## Running the Application

To run the Flask development server:

```bash
pipenv run python run.py
```

## Initializing Supabase (if not already done)

Locate the `supabase` directory and do:

1. All tables from /supabase/tables should be created in the Supabase project.
    - Dashboard / SQL Editor / Run SQL
    - Copy the content of the file `/supabase/tables/live_sessions.sql` and so on and paste one after another in the SQL editor.
2. All functions from /supabase/edge-functions should be created in the Supabase project.
    - Dashboard / Edge Functions / Deploy a new function / Deploy via Editor
    - Copy the content of the file `/supabase/edge-functions/product-image-upload/index.ts` and paste it in the editor.
    - Name the function `product-image-upload`.
    - Click "Deploy".

The API will be available at `http://127.0.0.1:5174`.

Commit message:

feat: Add Supabase function for creating product image bucket with public access policies

backend/README.md, after:

# Antique Feed Backend

This is the Python backend for the Antique Feed application.

## Setup

1.  Navigate to the `backend` directory:
    ```bash
    cd backend
    ```
2.  Install the dependencies using `pipenv`:
    ```bash
    pipenv install
    ```

## Running the Application

To run the Flask development server:

```bash
pipenv run python run.py
```

## Initializing Supabase (if not already done)

Locate the `supabase` directory and do:

1. All tables from /supabase/tables should be created in the Supabase project.
    - Dashboard / SQL Editor / Run SQL
    - Copy the content of the file `/supabase/tables/live_sessions.sql` and so on and paste one after another in the SQL editor.
2. All functions from /supabase/edge-functions should be created in the Supabase project.
    - Dashboard / Edge Functions / Deploy a new function / Deploy via Editor
    - Copy the content of the file `/supabase/edge-functions/product-image-upload/index.ts` and paste it in the editor.
    - Name the function `product-image-upload`.
    - Click "Deploy".
3. After step #2, you should have a function called `create-bucket-product-images-temp` in the Supabase project.
    - It's important to invoke this function to create the bucket for product images.
    - You can do this by requesting by "Invoke function" in the Supabase dashboard. (pick any approach you like, e.g. Postman, cURL, etc.)

The API will be available at `http://127.0.0.1:5174`.
